Add reason for the breaking change of faas modules (#4433)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.1.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### Breaking changes

> Due to an improvement in `ballerinax/azure_functions` and `ballerinax/awslambda` packages, the versions shipped with previous distributions are incompatible with Swan Lake Update 1 and therefore were removed from the distribution. If your packages use these dependencies, delete the `Dependencies.toml` file to force the dependency resolver to use the latest versions from Ballerina Central

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to an improvement in `ballerinax/azure_functions` and `ballerinax/awslambda` packages, the versions shipped with previous distributions are incompatible with Swan Lake Update 1, and thereby, they were removed from the distribution. If your packages use these dependencies, delete the `Dependencies.toml` file to force the dependency resolver to use the latest versions from Ballerina Central.
```
